hi I'm Felicia a beauty advisor from the
Ponce Institute welcome to our Ponce
tutorials where we will show you how to
take the very best care of your skin
today I want to show you how to perform
an advanced skin care regime consisting
of cleansing toning treating and
moisturizing I'll take you through each
step using Ponce flawless radiance range
so first as step one we need to cleanse
our skin to remove that excess oil and
impurities here we're using flawless
radiant even toned facial firm make sure
your hands are clean and weight your
face with warm water then squeeze the
facial foam onto your fingertips using
small circular motions with both hands
leather the facial foam all over your
face concentrating on the side of your
nose and your forehead then rinse well
with warm water and pat your face dry
with a soft towel step two the toner
toning completes the cleansing process
and refines the texture of your skin
using ponds flawless radiance bright and
fresh even tone toner take a cotton ball
or pad and apply the toner to it it
should be damp but not dripping gently
wipe it all over your face
focusing on the areas where they are
generally larger pores like your
forehead cheeks and again the side of
your nose we now need to treat the skin
before we moisturize it the treatment
products in the ponds flawless radiance
range are the serum and the eye cream
using the ponds flawless radiance anti
spot intensive even toned serum just
squeeze one pump from the bottle onto
your fingertips then dot it onto those
problem areas where they are dark marks
or uneven skin tones and gently rub it
in
using the pawns flawless radiance and
the eye cream dot small amounts of the
cream on your under-eye area gently Pat
it into your skin moving away from you
eyes now we're ready to moisturize using
the pons flawless radiance day cream or
daily lotion both help to reduce dark
spots and blemishes we're going to use
the day cream and we start with a dry
face using one clean finger scoop out a
small amount dot it around your face and
then rub it and gently until it's fully
absorbed at night you should replace
your day cream with the ponds flawless
radiance reap writing night cream it
helps to repair the daily skin damage
and actively brightens your skin while
you sleep visibly more even tone radiant
skin in just seven days
give the flawless radiance range a try
today see our website or Facebook page
for more details